**Assembler Program**

    This program is designed to take assembly code as input and convert it into machine language code. It operates in a 3-step process:

        1. Pre-assembler: This stage primarily focuses on expanding macros. More detailed documentation is available in the pre-assembler program files.

        2. First-parse: Parsing the .am files generated by the pre-assembler.

        3. Second-parse: Parsing the .am files again, mainly for symbol binaries.

    Upon completion, the program outputs a machine language code file with a .obj extension.


**Compilation and Execution**

    To compile the program, navigate to the project directory and run:
    make
    This command will compile all the necessary modules and link them to create the assembler executable.

    To execute the program, use the following command:
    ./assembler [input_files]
    Replace [input_files] with the filenames of the assembly code files you want to process.


**Makefile Structure**

    The Makefile organizes the compilation process into several rules, each responsible for compiling a specific module. Here's a breakdown of the rules:

        assembler: Compiles the main program file assembler.c and links it with all the necessary object files.
        check_input_files: Compiles check_input_files.c, which contains functions for validating input files.
        pre_assembler: Compiles pre_assembler.c, responsible for expanding macros in the assembly code.
        first_parse: Compiles first_parse.c, which performs the first parsing of the assembly code.
        second_parse: Compiles second_parse.c, which performs the second parsing of the assembly code.
        assembler_helping_function: Compiles assembler_helping_function.c, which contains helper functions used throughout the program.
        error_handling: Compiles error_handling.c, which handles errors and provides error messages.


**Dependencies**

    The program depends on the following header files:

        check_input_files.h
        pre_assembler.h
        first_parse.h
        second_parse.h
        assembler_helping_function.h
        error_handling.h
        global_operations.h
        structures.h

**Input File Requirements**

    Input files must have a .as extension.
    The assembly code must follow the syntax and conventions supported by the assembler.

**Output**

    Upon successful execution, the program generates machine language code files with a .obj extension. Additionally, it may produce entry and extern files if applicable.
